monitor limits (#11554)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/monitors/monitor_types/real_user_monitoring.md

To create a [RUM monitor][2] in Datadog, use the main navigation: *Monitors --> New Monitor --> Real User Monitoring*.

> *Note:* There is a default limit of 1000 RUM monitors per account. Reach out to help@datadoghq.com to lift this limit for your account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-info"><strong>Note</strong>: There is a default limit of 1000 monitors per account. <a href="/help/">Contact Support</a> to lift this limit for your account.</div>
```
